EXAMPLE #3

Testing YouTube (viewing functionality)
1.	Verify that video page can be opened by direct link to a video.
2.	Verify that on cliking the video play icon over the video, the video should play.
3.	Verify all the video player controls- play, pause, volume, mute, resize, cc, autoplay.
4.	Verify that user can select the allowed video quality for playing the video.
5.	Verify that once the video is complete, user can replay the video using 'replay' icon.
6.	Verify that video should be searchable by name, displaying the most relevant video on the top in search results.
7.	Verify that other attributes of video like artist name, description should also be searchable.
8.	Verify that user should get auto suggestions while searching for videos in the youtube search bar.
9.	Verify that search results should display information like video name, thumbnail, video length, view counts.
10.	Verify that clicking the video thumbnails in the search results should lead to video page.
11.	Verify that video filtering and sorting option while searching for video like - sort be view count, like, upload date.
12.	Verify that user can view 'view count', 'comments', 'like' and 'dislikes' for a video.
13.	Verify that with each view the 'view count' increases by one.
14.	Verify that user can like or dislike a video.
15.	Verify that user can comment in the comments section.
16.	Verify that user can reply to the comments.
17.	Verify that user should be presented with related videos in the sidebar section.
18.	Verify that the related videos are related to the current video or is based on the past viewing history of user.
19.	Verify that clicking related video thumbnail should open the video.
20.	Verify that for age restricted video, user is asked to login to youtube account.
21.	Verify that logged-in user should see there history as well as recommended videos in the home page.
22.	Verify that every video viewed goes to history for logged in user.
23.	Verify that user can view or delete search  items.
24.	Verify that user can view or delete history items.



